This is Random's modified version of the original Package Users
helper scripts from Matthias S Benkmann, described in the "more
control and package management using package users" LFS hint.

http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/hints/downloads/files/more_control_and_pkg_man.txt

Before installing the package users material, make sure there is
a version of useradd and groupadd set up -- this is best done by
installing a temporary version of the shadow package, with
configure directives --sysconfdir=/etc and --prefix=/tools.

You can use the Makefile here to install the initial Package
Users stuff -- have a look, it is not doing anything particularly
odd.  If you want to use the Makefile approach, you might have to
modify it first -- it assumes that the install group will be GID
9999, and the package users helpers will be installed as
"package-users" with UID and GID 10000.

You might want to modify UID_MAX and GID_MAX in /etc/login.defs
to 9997 so that useradd and groupadd won't allocate values in the
package users range. (User "ldconfig" is uid 9998 gid 9998)

You might want to remove the GROUP line from /etc/default/useradd
as well.

The file etc/pkgusr/bash_profile contains the default CFLAGS and
CHOST, which contain the default compiler optimization flags to
use when building packages.  Adjust those to taste.

After installing the package users scripts, run
/usr/sbin/create_lfs_users and /usr/sbin/chown_lfs_symlinks.
That will set things up so that the standard LFS packages already
have users set up, and the symlinks that point into /tools will
be correctly owned so they can be clobbered by the real files as
they are built.  Also run set_install_dirs -- and re-run it after
every package installation, in case the package created any new
install directories.
